Make default search limit more prominent (#1228)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/getting_started/quick_start.md

}
```

::: note

> By default, MeiliSearch returns the first **20 documents for a search query.** You can read more about the limit parameter [here](/reference/features/search_parameters.md#limit).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**By default, MeiliSearch returns only the first 20 results** for a search query. You can read more about the limit parameter [here](/reference/features/search_parameters.md#limit).
```

Reviewer: When picking which text to **bold**, I aim to make the bolded text readable by itself. It should be a complete clause that communicates a clear piece of information. That way someone who's scrolling quickly can still catch the pertinent information and stop to investigate if it's relevant to them.
